1. installed rust
2. rust needed tools such as windows sdk
3. After rust was installed, I decided to get the unittests working
4. Getting the unittests to run involved creating a .venv, resolving a missing DLL with python
5. After I got the uniitests to run, I started diving deeper into the project structure
6. Pretty much the entire codebase is in rust
7. The algorithmic functionality would be in xirr.rs
8. The unittests were in the testing folder, but specifically mine would be in test_scheduled (non periodic)
9. I had to create unittest data
10. I first used excel before battling with getting the formatting correct. Turns out I needed specifically YY-MM-DD format, with the 
    dashes and everything. However, excel and google sheets automatically used slashes no matter what I tried when exporting. Confusingly,
    when I open existing csv files, it also converted all the dashes into slashes. So, I had to install a less complex csv viewer in order
    to figure out what the issue was. I Eventually decided to manually type in my testing data, using the data originally in the issue as 
    reference.
11. After getting the testing data all set up, I started working on normalizing the values. (The variable was "amounts")
12. I knew that as long as I was able to normalize it in the beginning of the function, the rest should work correctly, because I wasn't
    messing with the core functionality.
13. I had to learn Rust syntax and rules when creating the normalization. Rust by default doesn't allow mutability, so I had to do something
    called shadowing, and used mutable structures such as Vec, in order to sucessfully normalize the variable and allow the remaining code
    to run as it did before
14. However, my test cases were still failing.
15. To debug, I recreated the normalization in function and printed the normalized function out. I then printed out exactly what was being 
    fed into the core functionality in rust. Both were identical. This was incredibly confusing and led me to believe there was some language
    specfic floating point arithmetic. What confused me also, was that I was getting a result of ~0.11, which was very close to my desired
    ~0.13. Later, I would find out that I was mistaken and this similarity was just a coincidence.
16. I spent a long time with debug statements littered throughout my original normalization code.
17. Eventually, I looked at the test_schedule file, rather than xirr.rs
18. I realized that there were multiple "assert" functions. I used print statements to find out which one was failing.
19. It turns out that there was no floating point arithmetic error, and there was an unknown assert that was failing
20. Because of the nature of xirr, a way to test it was by using xnpv. With the correct output, xnpv using our xirr should be 0.
21. What was happening was that, since I was adding only adding code in the xirr function, the XIRR input was being normalized, but 
    not the XNPV input. 
22. I decided to add a function in utils.rs to normalize slices
23. After this, everything slid into place.
24. The coincidence of 0.11 being close to 0.13 was just a coincidence, as 0.11 represented the output of xnpv, not the rate that generated
    by xirr. I should have payed more attention to what was being tested and outputted instead of assuming.